use explicit version links (#1378)
plone/documentation: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

> To make the whole process as pleasant as possible for everyone, please try to explain your issue as clear as possible !

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make the whole process as pleasant as possible for everyone, please explain your issue in detail!
```

> If that is your first time, please read [our contributor's guidelines](https://5.docs.plone.org/about/contributing/index.html "Contributing to Plone Docs") first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this is your first time, please read [our contributor's guidelines](https://5.docs.plone.org/about/contributing/index.html "Contributing to Plone Docs") first.
```
